Mr. Long, are you going to make Nangong Group your enemy?
Hahaha
Nangong will come down soon
You let me go now
I'll pretend it never happened.
Hmm, forget it.
Nangong can't come either
It really is you
Hahaha, I finally know now.
Why can't Longping Group defeat Nangong Group?
Because you'll only use these lower Senna talons
His Nangong is just luckier than me
Marry the richest wife
It's going to be hard
He was already skinned by me
Humph
You speak for him like that
He may not have you in his heart
Otherwise
Why should you work so hard at the group?
If you follow me
I can satisfy you with anything.
You just need to marry with the Qiao family's property
I want you to die
Mr. Wang
Have a temper
I don't know if you drink this added water
Can you still be as tough as you are now?
Ah!
Hurry up